[Music]
neil simon's
murder by death
meanwhile a short sinister man who looks
exactly like truman capote
is preparing a diabolical weekend for
the greatest detectives in the world
[Music]
way my leg tends to look like a tree in
this fog sam
diamond i think we've picked ourselves a
queer bird angel
anything else he has no pinkies
he just doesn't have any pinkies
[Music]
as we join them our five clue persons
and their faithful companions
are trapped in a mysterious old mansion
where a fiendishly ingenious crime is
about to take place
the victim is here at this very table at
this very moment
and so too ladies and gentlemen is
[Music]
returning to the kitchen who are you the
blind butler encounters the dumb cook
[Music]
oh you must be the new kitchen maid
and what just happened to the butler to
cook
where'd you cook two minutes to midnight
[Music]
gunshot said sticky i don't like
and i don't know what it is it means are
these five
monumental minds any match for
murder by death
eileen brennan truman capote james coco
[Music]
peter alec guinness elsa lanchester the
murderer
david niven peter sellers
maggie smith nancy walker
estelle winwood
[Music]
and myron who is the one who done it
in the number one who done it neil
simon's
new comedy murder by death
should make exciting weekends
[Music]